OK, so the first thing that
you're going to see is a graphic
novel.
So for graphic novels, you're
going to see a series of
pictures that tell a story.
Imagine you are telling the
story to someone who cannot see
the pictures. We're going to ask
that you describe what you see
and what is happening as you go
through the story.
And for each story, I'll tell
you how many slides it is. And
usually with stories, they take
up roughly between 10 to 15
minutes to tell. And I also keep
like a timer. So if I if I need
you to talk a little bit more
about the picture or move along,
I'll let you know. And since
they're PowerPoints, once you're
done describing a page you could
tell me to flip to the next
page, I'll pull up the story
right now and I'll share my
screen again.
So I have to tell this study
that I see. Yep. So it's just a
wordless picture book and you'll
just describe what you're seeing
and what's happening in the
story.
Let me pull up this one page.
Yes, so I'll share my screen and
you'll see how it's set up one
second.
No.
OK.
So this is what it'll look like.
So it'll have the spread of the
storybook page, and then I'll
click forward and backward to
flip through the page.
So I have to.
Value and study about what this
page that I see. Hmm, yeah. So
just describe what you see and
what is happening.
#START_journey I see. Uh.
Lonely boy.
Lonely boy in the.
Big City, but the city is very.
I don't know.
Yeah, in the big city all alone.
Yes.
Nobody there.
And daylight.
In the daytime.
{And then
What do you see like on the
right side of the screen up in?
I guess this is.}
Build Bing or everybody busy
with themselves with their life.
And this boy is just lonely
lonely.
Nobody play with him.
with this boy, boy, boy. Yes.
Yeah, he just left alone in his
own room with that cat, OK.
The cat.
All by himself.
{And what about on the left
side?
Left side.
Excuse me?}
And the left side.
Ohh.
Ohh, he interacted with his mom.
Watch a computer and try to
interactive with.
His
Yeah, his mom on the couch.
Yeah.
But then he's lonely again.
Now.
He Draw Something.
Um.
He Draw Something, but it's for,
he, It's for something.
Then he go out from the room.
Yeah.
And then.
Oh, it's a magical door. He go
out and then he's in a different
place.
Like a forest.
Yes.
There's a.
Different, different.
World.
There's a river, a forest with a
rain,
Rainforest with trees and then.
A bridge.
They.
Ohh.
And there's a.
a ribbon.
A ribbon.
Oh he made, he made a boat.
He made a boat with a ribbon.
Oh, I think it's from the from
his drawing. I think it's from
his drawing.
He make a boat and then he.
He go with the boat.
to
a big castle.
Big, very big castle.
Far from.
the forest, so he need the boat
to, to
Through the river.
That bring him to a big castle.
There he met, he meet.
Ohh.
These people are guards.
Are guards.
Oh, it's kind of.
People. People in the castle.
With the guards and.
They. They.
They didn't open the
The door for the boy.
Ohh but.
The castle is full of water.
I think that.
He leave the castle.
And oh, the water bring him to
somewhere else.
Bring him to the different
place.
And the drawing is changed from
the boat to something else I
think.
Ah.
It change into the.
Air balloon.
That bring him.
To the sky.
And.
And he.
He.
He made a
a vehicle in the air in the sky.
It's not.
Is not like an old airplane, not
old airplane. Airship.
Yeah.
Is that this Zeppelin?
An old Zeppelin and he try to
catch.
He try to catch it.
And follow it.
Oh.
He he.
He can join the the.
What is? What is this?
Like a.
This vehicle, this, this. What
is this?
He parked there. He park the air
balloon there.
And join them.
It brings.
brings the boy to other place
that like a
Ancient Egypt.
tower.
Ohh.
That's the guard.
The soldier that that don't like
the boy.
And send him away.
So he ran away and.
Or.
They chase, they chase the boy.
And he's being saved by a.
Bird.
Magical bird.
But they got the boy.
They got the boy and sent it to.
the Zeppelin.
Oh, Oh put it put it in there
some some kind of cage.
And hang it there.
Under the.
Hang it there.
And he drew the.
The magic.
Bird that can save him.
He can get away with a magical
carpet.
And it's already.
At twilight.
And he followed the the bird.
He followed the bird.
To another place.
This place is more peaceful.
It's already night with lots of
stars.
He kept.
Following the the the bird.
I think it's.
it's a desert, I think it's
desert.
Yeah.
And there's a.
palm tree.
And there's a door over there.
He tried to go in.
He could go into the door.
And I think it will lead him to
another another.
Place.
Yeah, it go back.
To his own.
Own
to the.
to his own place.
And.
he play with another friend.
But the bird's still there.
With him.
And he found another
friend also have their own
magical
Magical, what is it?
Drawing or something that can
change and.
Yeah.
Oh, so he made friends with the
friend.
With his own that that Red
Circle is his this boy, and the
the Purple circle is the other
the the friends.
Uh, Magical pen. #END_journey
OK, let me pull up. Oh, let me
pull up the next one.
OK, next we have another story.
I'm going to share my screen.
OK, this is also a story. So
just like you did with the other
one.
#START_flowerman Ohh yeah.
Umm.
The city look.
Dark and empty and.
And so sad.
Nobody there. Nobody.
Nobody lives there. Or they
already
in their own houses, maybe.
Oh there's another
Man.
Walk in the.
Empty Road.
The man walked in the empty road
at the night.
While, while everybody is.
In their home.
He's telling us
about
The activity of the.
People there.
But I think this man is
searching something.
Umm.
I think he's looking for
something.
In the.
While the people is busy with
their own life.
Ohh.
The ohh.
The man.
Build a home that is small.
live. Live, live, live.
Other than other people.
So it's more colorful, it's more
warm.
Maybe he.
Build this home with laugh,
maybe.
Yeah, it's only.
This man's house is is look
really colorful and.
So.
lively compared to other people.
Other people is.
Other people's houses.
just
Black and white and.
They don't look so happy.
And there's a.
The there's a.
Somebody moving.
In.
Moving in.
Next to the to this man's house.
Ohh.
Oh this, the city start to.
Start a more more, more life.
The more
Than before.
Everybody start to.
Be more active and.
And happy.
This is the.
Daily activity of this.
This town, this this city.
Yeah, just the activity of the
the usual.
Day, daily life.
This is the situation at night.
Umm.
I cannot. I cannot.
tell too much about this
picture.
The story.
OK, next.
There's a man in front of the.
House.
Maybe he missed something in the
middle of the night and
everybody look at him.
Yeah, everybody looked at him
and what this?
What
does he need in the middle of
the night?
Ohh one woman go out to give a
flower.
To the man.
Ohh, the man is welcome to the
place.
Because the woman give the
flower the happy face.
#END_flowerman
OK, let me see what's next.
OK, Next is a complex scene, and
for the complex scenes, let me
see.
OK, so these are the
instructions for complex scenes.
So you're about to see a complex
scene. Imagine you are
describing the scene to someone
who cannot see the picture.
Describe what is happening and
what you see in the scene as
thoroughly as possible, and for
complex scenes, we ask that you
take between 3 to 5 minutes to
describe what you see.
And now I'll share.
OK.
Oh wait, it says it's pause. Let
me try that again.
OK, here we go.
#START_deep_sea_divers This is
a.
A life
Between.
Mermaid and the people.
Mermaid live under the sea.
And the people live.
Off a
You know the people.
While the the mermaid try to
have their own life down there
under the sea.
The human.
On the.
On the water is trying to fish
As many as they can from the
sea.
That ruin the mermaids' life.
So the mermaids have to defend
their their.
Their life.
From human.
Lot of people take advantage.
From ocean.
From the sea, from.
Everything they can.
They will take it.
I can see the ecosystem of the
mermaid.
They were happy before.
But also they have to defense.
Defend the human.
Because the human keep on
taking.
Killing fishes, taking
Umm.
Everything from the under the
sea.
So this is about.
A life
A different.
A different life.
Human.
And mermaid.
I think that.
Yes, I think that's all.
#END_deep_sea_divers
Yeah.
OK, if you want to take a 3
minute break right now, you can
if you need to grab water or
anything.
That's up to you.
OK.
Wait, I have to take my glasses.
Oh yeah, I'll be right back.
Sounds good.
Updated.
And.
OK.
Next we have another complex
scene.
What?
Definitely need glasses.
Ohh.
#START_ancient_rome This is
about.
uh
Ohh.
This is about
People doing harm to animal.
And, oh, this is not a good and
peaceful picture.
People killing animal.
and, and kill other people.
But this is a.
A Show, a show because.
This.
A tribune.
With people watching them.
Like an arena.
Arena between
People and animal.
Yes, this is.
This is like a.
Yep, people. Well with people
watching them.
Where people watching them
killing
killing each other.
Yes, I think that's all.
This is an arena that.
And other other people watch.
#END_ancient_rome
OK.
OK, NEXT is another complex
siege.
I'm gonna share my screen.
#START_dinosours_spacemen_and_ghouls
This is a
There's dinosaur,
A spaceship.
And.
It's like a Wonderland.
It's like a wonderland that.
all people can go there.
to
See.
Umm.
to see.
Ohh, to play games.
Oh, there's a diner. There's a
restaurant.
Umm.
Also like a.
The spaceship.
Um.
A lava mountain.
This is different.
Different century. I think it's
from the.
an old while the dinosaurs still
there and the the future where
there will be a spaceship.
So the people can.
Go in.
This place.
To have an adventure.
Yes.
That's all. #END_dinosours_spacemen_and_ghouls
Let me see what's next.
OK, Next is a short story.
OK.
#START_arrival_1 This is a story
about someone who lost the, who
lost.
Her family. Her parents.
And.
She tried to.
And and she's leaving somewhere,
so she just put it.
The the picture of the family.
And put it in the in the box.
And save it there and leave it
there as for a memory.
{Is this related with the
picture before? Yes.}
Oh.
This is the childhood of the.
Girl.
Umm.
They live.
Not.
Not too
Rich, I think, but they are
happy.
They only have few things,
valuable things.
But it's very.
Memorable for the.
For the the girl.
They move from.
Umm.
They moved from.
move from I don't know where and
and make a new start, new life
there.
Ohh.
Something.
That is very urgent happen.
That the parents have to pack up
and and just leave as soon as
possible. That urgent thing I
think is some kind of.
Ohh.
A big, a big.
a big creature with a big tail.
A creature with a big tail.
Ohh.
When they.
Go out.
Ohh I think she have to separate
with the the the father and the
the.
Oh the bird paper paper bird is
a.
It's the last, the last.
Memory from the father.
The mother also very sad because
they have to separate.
And yes, the father went with
the.
Plane.
They have to separate.
Umm.
Yeah, the father went with the
big ship going somewhere.
And the.
Picture is the.
The.
The most memorable thing.
And she went, she go, and he go
far away.
Also, the hands belong to the
father. #END_arrival_1
Hey, next is another story.
#START_return This is a story
about.
Childhood of this.
Young man.
Before it was this boy who.
Painting on.
Painting on the wall.
Almost same like the the other.
Story before.
That the boy can draw.
And.
Go to another place, I think.
A boy that loves to draw.
He draw a kite.
Yeah.
Yeah, just say.
Yeah, the man draw a kite.
The man draw a kite and.
Also draw a door that that can
take him to other place.
Yeah.
This is almost the same. This is
a new place, a forest.
Full of lanterns.
And.
A river and a bridge.
Yeah.
Yes, at night.
And then he he met.
He met this.
The creature.
I think it's a magical creature.
That can bring him.
To other place.
Here he bring a
Something.
Something to.
move.
This is um
uh
This is an.
Ancient, ancient boat, I think.
That can.
That bring him somewhere else.
It bring him to the palace.
At night.
He, he need to give.
The, the red, the thing.
To, to someone at the palace.
At the palace.
He jump out from the.
The.
That ancient boat.
And meet the.
A king and and the Prince.
At the palace.
He want to talk with the king.
But uh, one of the Prince don't
like him, doesn't like him.
Ohh.
The.
That
{Sorry, I can I cannot see the.
The screen.
Ohh.
Let me try to reshare my screen
and see if that.
Right. }
Umm.
The Prince is not.
Really.
The king doesn't like the other
friends and ask the guards to
To.
Get rid of the Prince.
And he, the king use something
to
To kill.
But it become.
It's what happened next is it's,
It's the king, the one, The King
is the one who, who been
to be catch by the guard.
And uh.
Prince or the Prince, already
big and, and and.
And.
Revenge to the king.
And now the prince is use
Another drawing that can.
Can change to become a.
A flying.
flying.
Animal. I don't know.
And run away from.
The palace.
The man.
Then oh the man save.
The man save the.
Two prince.
From.
The.
The king.
That's trying to catch them.
And the magical, magical
Oh.
They, The king is.
Release of fur, Lot of fur.
That can harm.
The bird, the the magical bird.
Now they they they go into the.
Sea.
Underwater sea and.
The Prince draw another. Another
thing maybe.
Or boat or something like that.
Yeah.
Now they are in the underwater.
But there's only just the two of
The man and the other boy.
They are.
And they are underwater.
They're looking for something
and they arrive at The Cave.
Some cave.
where there are.
A lot of.
Men.
Working working in The Cave.
Oh.
Yeah, they arrive at The Cave.
Oh, and they see.
A drawing and the.
On the wall of The Cave.
That showed them that there were
uh, uh.
A life before before them arrive
there.
Uh.
The King chase them and arrive
at The Cave.
But they draw another.
Another drawing.
That can save them.
They draw a cage for the bird
that can.
That can trap the king.
And so.
There was a battle between.
Between the magical purple.
Bird with.
Uh, and and the.
And the.
Magical bird.
Bring bring the the bad, the
bad.
The bad guy away and.
The man go back to the.
House. Uh
The man want to go back to the
house but and say goodbye to the
the little boy.
The Prince.
And they go back to his and he
go back to his own life.
In the city. #END_return
And let me see what we have
next.
Next we have a complex scene.
OK.
So just describe what you see in
this scene.
#START_birthday_party_fun This
is a.
Birthday party.
where there's a lot of.
Lawns and children and.
Balloons and treats.
And parents and pool that they
can play.
Umm.
They're inviting lots of people
with lots of gifts, presents.
Umm.
And there's a pinata.
There's a cake birthday cake.
And they are all.
playing, we see with the with
the.
At the at the park.
Play.
Play catch, play. There's a
robot over there.
There's a.
Big.
Big
Balloon.
Um and pool.
Yeah, I think that's it.
#END_birthday_party_fun
Let me pull up the next item.
Next is another complex scene.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo This
is a zoo.
Where
Uh the rhino is trying to.
Escape.
So everybody is hysterical,
Running away
From the.
From the area while the giraffe
and the other animal is still
there.
Only the rhino trying to.
Escape.
There are ice cream booth.
That was and then.
The.
The zoo police.
Try to catch.
the rhino.
Everybody scared and everybody
try to. To.
Save themselves.
From the rhino.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
Yes.
OK, next we have another complex
scene.
#START_campsite This is about.
People camping.
With the caravan.
Along the Riverside.
Umm.
There are activities where the.
where some people.
just
chatting or
Make some food.
This side is the camping ground
and the other side is the.
Camper train side is the other
side of the river.
And there's a.
A bridge that people can walk
from this side of the river to
that side of the river.
People enjoying their time.
With lot of of it their own
activity. #END_campsite
Next.
This is another story.
OK.
#START_quest This is a story
about.
Two little boy.
Same like before, with the red
and Purple circle.
They are they are hiding from.
Someone. They they are trying to
go in.
Go to.
Some room, go to a room.
Or they are hiding from guards,
may be guards.
They are under the bridge.
Umm.
With a.
Secret room under the under the
bridge.
Inside the room there was there
are there is a wizard.
That.
Ask them to.
To.
to
A wizard that give them a scroll
of.
Some kind of map.
But after that.
The wizard is being catch by by
soldier.
But they still keep the map.
With them.
So.
They are going.
to find
Umm.
They found a key.
Red and purple key that lead
them to some somewhere.
Somewhere. Some place.
Maybe this is uh related to the
map.
Then, then
They came to a palace and hide
under a big rock before the
soldier sees them.
And she, and they look at the.
wizard that being catch by the
soldier.
The soldier bring the wizard.
Go into the.
The castle.
From the map they.
They need.
To go to.
A place, an underwater place,
that is what is the destination.
So they have to go there. They
have to reach.
Then.
They go to.
Umm.
A place where
Ah.
They use the.
The The Magic pen.
To draw.
Umm.
For uh Draw Something for uh
diving, diving to underwater.
Yeah.
They use like a um.
An octopus.
They ride on an octopus.
Going down.
To a city, underwater city.
Uh, that's.
Full of, of gold.
And so the water is so shiny.
They're heading to the.
Umm.
They
They come to.
The center of that city that is
very shiny.
Uh.
But.
Ah, before the guard came, they
can they
The important.
Far from there, maybe a key or
or something important from the.
This the the shell.
In the middle of the.
This the middle the center of
the city.
And then they go away again with
that octopus.
They came to they they arrive to
the seashore.
And they Draw Something.
Another.
Another transportation.
this look like a tropical.
Shore.
I think they're going to make an
elephant.
Now.
Oh, it's a rhino, a purple
rhino.
They came to.
They're going to uh.
Another place.
Like.
Ancient
Egypt building.
Maybe this is the the the next
destination from the map.
Riding on the rhino back.
They have to
Through this this.
Bridge.
Fragile bridge.
That made from a rope.
To get something.
Green.
On top of the.
tower.
So they pass that.
And.
They.
They get it.
But the guard already.
Coming up the the guard already
get closer, so they draw
another.
Another thing I think is
something have
Wings.
Something that can fly and take
them in the air.
Yeah.
The.
It it it bring them.
And get away from the the guards
so they can escape.
So they can escape with the.
Ride, riding
This the flying.
Blue uh purple thing.
Now they go to.
On top of uh.
On top.
this look.
They take another
They take a.
They collect something.
From top of this tower.
And there's a battle.
The soldier want to take it away
from them.
They are. while they are
fighting each other.
Umm.
They're fighting each other.
But the other one is.
Uh.
No.
Uh, other soldier approaching,
approaching them.
While they are on top of the
tower.
But they can.
They can get away with the.
Help of this magical.
Bird, purple bird.
That make like a rainbow
rainbow.
Like a rainbow. So the soldier.
Umm.
Yeah, the the, the, the purple
bird is helping them to get away
from the soldier.
The purple bird using.
The. what is that?
Right.
And they meet the king.
Oh but the soldier.
They are all.
Down to the to the water.
By the help of the bird.
So the two boys can go back with
the on the rhino back.
Back on the rhino.
And this.
City is.
Peace again.
They go back.
and meet the wizard, and give
the scroll back to the wizard.
And, wear a crown.
Wear crown and go back to the
the the magic door.
And go back to their own city
with the crowns on the head.
#END_quest
OK, let me see what we have
next.
OK, next we have a complex
scene.
#START_exhibit_12 This is um.
Like um.
Election for.
People.
It's so crowded.
where
People.
Have to queue and.
Uh.
And.
It's like an exhibition.
People. Um.
It's just difficult.
Yeah, this is like.
People have to elect.
elect some uh.
elect people and watch an
exhibition.
Lot of portrait here.
But they.
There's a people stealing the
the picture.
Some people selling the picture
and the police tried to catch
them.
Because of this place is so.
Full of people.
Some people just watch the the
picture, but.
There are bad people that take
away, try to take the picture
away.
So the the police catch them.
#END_exhibit_12
Oops.
OK, Next is a short story.
OK, this is a short story.
That stuff.
#START_arrival_2 This is related
to the story before.
The parents and the oh, this is.
The story of the father, that
that live with the.
With the boat and he writes a
letter for the daughter.
For his daughter.
And send it through the, uh the
birds.
Mail it through the bird.
Yeah, the father is still on the
boat.
Yeah, he's writing a letter for
the family, the wife and the
daughter.
And then he arrive at a place.
Umm.
This is.
A new place.
where there are big statue of
A big statue.
Um.
All the passenger is.
There and.
Yeah.
Maybe this is a new place.
This is a big.
Boat like a Titanic.
Where the people have to.
Go down.
To the new place.
The the.
Uh, the father also
Off off the boat.
And maybe he try to to make a.
To survey for a new life there.
In the new place.
And hopefully the.
A family can can join him.
#END_arrival_2
Next we have a complex scene.
Oh, wait, whoops.
There we go. Wait.
Let me try that again.
Sorry, all of a sudden my.
Age is not loading.
Let me see if I refresh it.
Out of here, let's.
Excuse me. Can I take on my
husband first? OK. Oh, yeah,
I'll be right back. OK. Sounds
good.
OK.
OK, this one is also a complex
scene.
Sorry, I have to prepare my
husband to sleep. Ohh, you're
good. Yeah, my husband was a
stroke survivor with aphasia.
Oh, OK.
#START_unfriendly_giants This is
uh
The unfriendly giants. This is
giants. They are doing uh
The.
A village
A village.
They.
Hmm. They.
Make a mess with the village.
They are.
Lots of giants.
Umm.
Ruin uh
Human humans'.
Life.
They. They.
take charge
take charge of of humans' life.
I think that's all.
#END_unfriendly_giants